docs: trim infra-provider guides for OpenShift and DigitalOcean (#1601)
llm-d/llm-d: docs/infra-providers/openshift/README.md

# llm-d on OpenShift

This document covers configuring OpenShift clusters for running high performance LLM inference with llm-d.

For deployment instructions, see the [well-lit path guides](../../../guides/).

## Prerequisites

llm-d on OpenShift is tested with the following configurations:

> * Versions: OpenShift 4.17, 4.19, 4.20

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Versions: OpenShift 4.19, 4.20, 4.21
```

> * Ensure no Service Mesh or Istio installations exist on the cluster — included CRDs may conflict with the llm-d gateway component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Ensure no ServiceMesh(OSSM) or Istio installations exist on the cluster — included CRDs may conflict with the llm-d gateway component
```

* Cluster administrator privileges are required to install cluster-scoped resources

## Cluster Configuration

### GPU Setup

Install the NFD (Node Feature Discovery) and NVIDIA GPU Operators before deploying llm-d workloads.

The [ocp-gpu-setup](https://github.com/rh-aiservices-bu/ocp-gpu-setup) repo provides guided scripts for provisioning GPU nodes and deploying the required operators on AWS:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/rh-aiservices-bu/ocp-gpu-setup.git
cd ocp-gpu-setup

# Configure GPU MachineSet
./machine-set/gpu-machineset.sh

# Deploy NFD Operator
oc apply -f ./nfd

# Deploy NVIDIA GPU Operator
oc apply -f ./gpu-operator

# Apply supporting CRs
oc apply -f ./crs
```

> ### Security Context Constraints (SCCs)

Reviewer: is this section accurate?

Author: I kept these from the original guide — can you confirm if they are still accurate?

Reviewer: mind point where the original guide is? i failed to find that from "main"

Author: I was mistaken . The SCC commands were added during the rewrite and haven't been verified. I'll remove this section.
